yo what's going on YouTube you know this
is my arm ladies pick up it makes 90s
size 11 obsidian blue with sport red
white and natural great honest I would
be honest with you guys the only reason
why i got these sneakers because i need
blue you know kicks Phillip feel as you
seen in my collection for my tix
basically black and red you know and you
know all the colors besides blue but
besides that actually think these
sneakers are pretty nice you know
they're not that bad because I'm not
really a big animation I nice man but
these are tough I can really crush on by
the way you know as I said you know
these are city in blue I'm sorry about
the camera work you know with the red
check you know if that looks black but
that you know that is obsidian blue you
know which is that navy blue look and
yeah man you know tell me how you guys
like them you know I personally think
they actually are pretty tough let me
know oh one thing i do have to say you
know you know for a little review of the
shoe I mean this is my first time all in
the air max 90 days and I'ma be honest
with you guys um they crease super fast
I mean you know I don't know if you guys
could see this but look at that look at
those two lines I mean look at them
that's disgusting everyone's aim I'm
actually this is what i did when i got
these shoes I lace them up so they fed
me nice cuz you know i hate with my
laces I hate tying my shoe Lisa I feel
like I look like a goofball you know but
like I just tried it more you know I
mean I'm sure everybody who gets a new
pic
kicks you know smells that you know
tries it on your own zine that's just
what a sneakerhead does and I just tried
it more I looked in the mirror check
them out I got these two creases come on
you know i'm not saying is that bigger
we did what I'm just saying you know
watch out and I do definitely recommend
you guys on you know before you know
trying on this shoe or you know you know
or actually wearing it you know
definitely head over to champs or you
know for locker and get a force field
you know that's that's a decrease are
you put it in your shoe and it prevents
creases or this is highly recommend go
on wearable shoe tree calm you know or
my kicks are fresh calm and pickable and
you know by a couple of wearable shoe
trees because they prevent crease and
they really work you know but um yeah
you know you know rate comment subscribe
tell me how you guys like these on kicks
and yeah thanks a lot I'm out